for everyone wherever you're from it's
plain to see useful and keeping in the
big family it's for lanky be in the cone
meets bobbing and keeping Oh Bobo
sometimes really smart
yeah they're leaving a magical little
village in the heart of Africa
hi everyone with their friends locally
mom azhagu set a book football and of
course but we're bubble goes trouble is
sure to follow every adventure is the
discovery what if we share a mango
and every discovery a challenge to find
a new way of doing things and best of
all you are part of the show there are
songs story this is a story called uncle
hippos - one day uncle hippo decided to
make a stool and invite all his friends
to come and eat it with him and thanks
to learn so join Bobo and KP as they
take you on an adventure full of
laughter action and the whole lot of
discovery everybody was happy
okay okay
right